Stupid Data Tricks: Facebook Names
Published on August 17, 2010.
Like a good data nerd, I downloaded the list of publicly available Facebook names , dumped into text files.
I was trying to figure out a neat way to use them.
It’s always weird when people have the same first and last names, so I wrote a quick regex to find people with names like “John John” and “Laura Laura.”
I used /^([a-z]+) \1$/ , but maybe there’s a better one.
I think mine left out the middle names.
Apparently there are a lot of people with the same first and last name.
14,495 in my list, to be exact.
But that’s out of a 100 million or so (I only did unique names).
Here’s the list for anyone who might care.
I’m trying to figure out a more useful application for this dataset. Any ideas?